Who does Sarah quickly befriend at her new school in Chicago ?
Who rescues Iola from a lecherous master ?
Which empire is Xaltotun from ?
Who did Celeste meet in yoga class ?
Who want Glenister to love her ?
Who does George want to help him build his house ?
How long approximately was the voyage from London to Thailand supposed to take ?
What are the twins names ?
Who does Luke discover imprisoned on the Death Star ?
What was the name of the 26 year old man Brenner tells Conroy about that was rescued three weeks prior ?
Who is Easy Andy ?
What is the name of the princess in the frame story ?
What recent event does Dr. Hawthorne tell Patterson is affecting the progress of the project ?
Nakagawa tries to do what to the home one evening ?
What does Cicero claim the perfect orator creates ?
Who does Nicky fall in love with ?
What is Lisbeth s brother s name ?
What role did Andy Kaufman play on the sitcom Taxi ?
Who does Dr. Goodwin meet that was the son of an acquantaince ?
Who is Bob Zmuda to Andy Kaufman ?
What was Hargrave urging Laura to do before she found out about the affair he was having ?
In which country does the setting of this story take place ?
Barrett and Milly share what hobby in common ?
What are all the employees and strippers revealed to be ?
Who is forced to cancel a romantic evening ?
Who dances at the senior dance with Buffy ?
What is Louise s occupation ?
Where was Jean s daughter s wedding being held ?
By the end of the tale who is forced to exit the family on an ocean liner ?
What is the name of the director Tom hires ?
What was the Dukes daughter turned into ?
What do the Comachos disguise themselves as as they assault the Luna Household ?
Which character runs a car off the road for behaving rudely ?
Who is molesting Robin ?
Who is the founder of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys ?
On what day does Elaine and Mortimer Brewster marry ?
Which crew member has studied magic ?
Which character is considered naive ?
What is the bombers name ?
What name is cluster of stars where a planet with copper sulfate oceans located ?
Who convinces Sonny s mother to approve his relationship with Sunaina ?
Who is killed by the police at the end of the story ?
Who was originally defeated that caused the soldiers to first search for the New Forest ?
Who does Thomas use as examples of black intellectuals in America ?
Del is having an affair with whom ?
What society does the Time traveller meet in AD 802701 ?
What type of head covering do fashionable American women wear in Manhattan ?
Which toy lands in a box next to Andy while they are in the moving van ?
Who s viewpoint is the story from ?
Who is Trot s companion ?
With whom does Paul live ?
What title did Polly s father inherit ?
Who was the parish priest for village of Artauds ?
What is Bills youngest daughter Susan s career choice ?
What is the name of the banker that Moll is interested in ?
Who gives up Stevens to Detective Hernandez ?
What is Anselme Popinot s work position in relation to Cesar ?
How many children do Banjamin and Flopsy have together ?
What is the name of Iola s brother ?
Who was the only person that was kind to Raizo ?
Who kills Ed the vampire ?
As Nick and Beth discuss their future , what is found under the bed ?
What does Captain De Stancy represent to Paula ?
Who does Frank hit when he thinks he has been betrayed ?
Who is Owen s grandmother ?
Who is unconcerned about the air-raid ?
What is Abrams ' TV show called ?
Who is Gallegos ' low-level street supplier ?
What is Eve s real name ?
Who is the cartel using to pass out drugs ?
Where were the rumors of Agricola being poisoned come from ?
To where does Thor travel to confront Laufey ?
Where are tom and the master heading ?
Whose power did the humans entertain ?
Who does Charlie fall in love with ?
What defines the source of strength as unity , not size ?
Where does Juliet secretly buy a plane ticket to ?
Who is attracted to Flash Gordon and plans an escape for Flash from planet Mongo ?
Who does Ray become attracted to ?
Who resigns because he does n't want to work with Sullivan ?
Who didTonnesen falls in love with ?
How many years later do David and Elise meet ?
Which character is found on a stretcher ?
Who saves the 4 orphans ; Edward , Humphrey , Alice and Edith ?
In typical Christie mystery structure , during what part of the story did the detective uncover the most shocking twists ?
Where does Henry live ?
In what city does John Hancock live ?
Where does Jefferson build his palace ?
Who is the Local Vampire King ?
Who does Lothair favor ?
Who orders all of the fairytale members to the swamp ?
What is the Captain s alias ?
Where did the Puddle-ducks lose the clothing they got from the kittens ?
Who provides Christopher with an army ?
What do the gangs in Manhattan weld to their car fenders to snag women s clothes ?
What does Orlean intend to do with Charlie at the swamp ?
Who plays Caden in the play by Caden ?
What is the stranger s name ?
Who did Tigranes end up falling in love with ?
What profession has Wyatt Earp retired from ?
