Where did the skirt come from ?
What can defy time according to the poem ?
Who is Mr. Langton to Ellen ?
Why was Charles late to meet his son ?
How do Irena and Arnold die ?
How are the Southern Appalachian Mountains described ?
What kind of food does Sonny give the hostages ?
How does Fletch pay for Gail s drinks ?
Who are the inhabitants of the fourth planet ?
What physical characteristics set Zuleika apart from the other Oxford University students ?
What is the name of the school David is attending ?
Where does Jacob eventually kill Kenny ?
What physiological event triggers transformations in zerophiliacs ?
What do Felix and Harold have in common ?
Which event caused Marvin to recover ?
What was New Ridge Farm also known as ?
How do the terrorists get on the plane ?
What does Jean see as a sign that she should leave Douglas ?
What is Frank Galvin s profession ?
Why did Mrs. Tittlemouse partially close her front door ?
Who does Mr. Hillard dine with in New York ?
Who does Agatha find out was her mother ?
HOW OLD IS BILBO BAGGINS ?
Whose body does Death inhabit ?
How is Kyle secretly showing his support for Adam ?
What is the name of the man who convinces Bennett s wife to allow him to follow his dreams ?
What race does Co-Tam belong to ?
Who is blamed for Sarah s death ?
Who is the leader of the Wild Bunch ?
Who detins Deckard ?
How does the media portray the twins when they first kill the mobsters the day after the pub brawl ?
Who does David find as a new ally ?
What does Margaret medically suffer from ?
What relationship forms between Buffy and Pike ?
What is the belief Lothair s uncle who raises him ?
What does Loki find out ?
Did Jean depart from Le Havre ? How ?
What traumatic experiences does Charlie encounter in his freshmen year ?
Who wants to use the phone booth as Stu is on with the Caller ?
Who orders the Aryan Brotherhood to kidnap Rico s girlfriend ?
What was the legend of the Great Stone Face ?
What does Lola bring with her everywhere ?
What type of work did Susan s father really want to do ?
Judge Stanton holds what relationship to Anne ?
Why does Rose lose respect for Charlie ?
What do the main characters name their singing group ?
What city do the three brothers settle down ?
What boat does Captain Turcott captain ?
What are the results of Ben bringing the incidents to court ?
What is the name of prince whose faction rebuild Skylark into Skylark Two ?
What caused megamano lose his invisible car ?
What does ChimĂ¨ne agree to do after the duel between Rodrige and Don Sanche ?
Where did Gurov and Anna meet ?
What lie ultimately led Cody to bringing McLeach to the eagles nest ?
Thelma and Louise are attempting to travel to Mexico , unable to go through Texas , what direction did they decide to travel ?
Whose murder is Ray Levoi investigating ?
What happens to Holly s co-worker Harry Ellis ?
What is the country that the nobleman Lothair is from ?
What type of dinosaurs attack the InGen team members as they run through the tall grass savannah ?
What are the people of the planet Jones like ?
Who becomes Mal s co-pilot ?
What is the term used to describe a human slave controlled by a vampire ?
Why did Watson hide behind a screen ?
Who does Nick find to be the girl involved in Roxy s college lesbian encounter ?
Who does Edward love ?
What does George plan to do with the house he is living in ?
How does Jabba die ?
What part of the body is Morse shot in ?
What do the unground creatures feed upon ?
What award does Eve receive for her performance in Footsteps on the Ceiling ?
How does Bill feel about his daughter Susan s relationship and marriage contemplation ?
How does Spartan exit his frozen state ?
Who was Jem with the night of Harry s murder ?
Who kills Mann ?
What happens to Jeffson s crew ?
Where do the Morloks live ?
What happened to Louise s life savings ?
What city is Mr. Hillard from ?
What lives in the river ?
What does Kephart explore in the first chapter of the story ?
How is the woman who died in the car crash connected to Robert ?
Why did Ginger and Pickles eat their own products they were selling ?
How do Vince s men find Deloris ?
What is Neil s relationship to Alyssa Craig ?
Who does Yorick decide to visit on his way to Italy ?
What city did Peter live in with his mom ?
What types of clues does Vanessa give to the men ?
What is Mary put on trial for that causes her husband to divorce her ?
Who does Newland Archer marry ?
What was the name of the theater where Lincoln was shot ?
What is the name of the deceased person with whom s fragments of work Reginald Bliss is working ?
Who does Benham s mother leave for ?
Who stabbed someone ?
What did Clayton do when James detailed his past sexual exploits ?
With whom does Sheldon engage in a romantic relationship ?
What does Willoughby plan on doing after Doe is exposed as a fake ?
What is the name of the new killer case ?
What evidence is there that suggests Stark did not believe his son should take full responsibility for the death of his passenger in the car crash ?
What happened to Cesar after he created a carton of a dead dog ?
Who was the heir before Cedric ?
