Who did David Monka appear to be before joinng El Hassan ?
How did Salvadore appear to Alfredo when they first met ?
What did Mildred tell Phillip the first time she left him heartbroken ?
How did Tom kill Eddie ?
What crime was Candy wanted for in Virginia ?
Why did Lee need to kill DeWitt ?
Who is it that the Angles need to find ?
What falls onto Dan and kills him ?
What did Luke and Obi-Wan hire Hans ans Chewbacca to do ?
What does Jake Adler do for a living ?
Where did God say Bruce was recieving prayers from ?
What accessory do The Cowboys wear to identify themselves ?
How did Diane die ?
What does George decide to do to his house ?
What does George do to his mother that changes his life ?
Who is the lord of the castle ?
Where is Argo City ?
Where does this story take place ?
What does Eugene tell his parents ?
Who fears Ginger and Pickles ?
Where is Jack taken to when he is arrested ?
Detail Assessment and Planning explores the five fundamental factors and how many elements ?
What is the Plan A mission ?
From whom did Paula s father purchase the medieval castle ?
Where is Maud actually staying while everyone thinks she is in France ?
How many days were given to Zoza to find her prince in the curse ?
How is Trudy critically injured ?
What is his work title ?
Who accompanied Yorick on his trip ?
Who is put on trial for killing James Holland Rose ?
Blanco Posnet is accused of what offense ?
What does the warden find ?
Who kills Alan Stanwyk ?
Why has the techology in Ross ' ship been kept secret ?
What does Scott find in his pager ?
Why does Jay challenge the will ?
After he captures them , how does Jabba plan to put Luke , Hans , and Chewbacca to death ?
Why did Dale kill members of the therapy group ?
How do Rodrigre and ChimĂ¨ne feel about each other ?
What does Kristen reveal at the seminar ?
What does Santa Claus do to Mordechai s toy ?
What type of job does Vivie take in the city ?
How old is Ellen when Newland meets her ?
Who is Gandalf imprisoned by ?
What was Buggy Ding Dong hired to do ?
Who defeats Napoleon at Waterloo ?
What does Charley discover about his new neighbor ?
At the ball , why is Pheobe initionally annoyed with capitan Brown ?
Who generated the field that seaton realized he needed after failing to recreate the effect ?
Why was Clayton called Tarzan ?
How does Davy know Bardie is not a common child ?
How did Buggy die ?
Who is the mole ?
Who kills Dudley Smith ?
From whom did Godfrey rescue Carefinotu ?
What is the ultimate goal of the leadys ?
Why wo n't Homes allow Watson to examine him ?
Why does Marie Gaston give money to Madam Gaston ?
Why is Rose s engagement to Cal so important ?
How does Miss Moppet capture the mouse ?
What do Gruber and the terrorists use terrorism as a distraction for ?
What weapon does Dollarhyde use to wound Crawford ?
What does Tom find after searching Janet Mattews house ?
What character does Anna Strunsky play ?
What is the Mind of the Race ?
Who is Ling ?
What does Mary Master s fear upon learning that Reginald Morton has become the new squire ?
What does Rev . Lyon do to Rev . Debarry ?
Which troops abandon General Molara ?
What secret does Yoda reveal to Luke ?
Why did Montresor want Fortunato of the dampness ?
Why did Mr. Apjon want Henry to take legal action against the editor of the newspaper ?
Who got promoted mainly because of their good looks ?
What happened when the truck driver refused to apologize ?
WHAT PLAN DO RIPLEY AND DILLON COME UP WITH ? DO THEY SUCCEED ?
How does David gain a large inheritance ?
Why does David miss the bus ?
Where does the story take place ?
What is the second college that Stephen attended ?
Where is Stephen when Curt is killed ?
What does Nick do to Trent ?
Who tries to capture Ross with telepathic hypnosis ?
Where is Laurania ?
What happens to John Morton to make him unable to marry Arabella ?
Where do Hendricks , Brody , and Ellen find Tina ?
Where does grown-up Basquiat live ?
Why did the robots choose not to fight once the humans left ?
Who commands the Metal Monster ?
What form of publication was Skylark of Space originally published in 1928 ?
What is the watcher s duty ?
What is a new money family ?
Why does Alexander want his daughters marriage to Westley annulled ?
What is Humphrey on at the opening of the story ?
What have the Lotharians become adept at doing ?
How did Belit died ?
Who does Charley have sex with ?
Which 3 characters are in a sexual relationship together and scheme to get the diamonds from Jay ?
How does Leonard decide to help his mother lose weight ?
What song will Sailor only sing to his wife ?
What does Hathaway threaten Chris with as punishment for failing to solve the laser ?
